Update continuous-delivery-faqs.md (#6637)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/continuous-delivery-faqs.md

Currently, we cannot do policy evaluations via APIs.

#### How can different versions be deployed to separate clusters or stages within a single pipeline?
You can enable the multi-service and multi-environment deployment strategy in your CD stage to deploy different service versions to different clusters or stages within the same pipeline using overrides at environment value.

> #### How to assign a json stored as secret file to variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to assign a JSON stored as secret file to variable?
```

> You can use below command to achieve the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use below command to achieve this:
```

```
echo -n "<+secrets.getValue("account.jsonfilesecret")>" > /var/tmp/secret.json
json=$(cat /var/tmp/secret1.json)
```

> #### Are environment level <+input> fields supported in the Pipeline run screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Are environment level `<+input>` fields supported in the pipeline run screen?
```

> Any variable used as <+input> will be asked to provide a value at the runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any variable used as `<+input>` will be asked to provide a value at the runtime.
```

#### Can you tell me which steps for a custom stage run directly on the delegate?

> Usually all the actual task execution occurs on delegate, you can add shell script step to execute the command on delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually all actual task executions occur on delegate. You can add shell script steps to execute the command on delegate.
```
